from Team evangelizing
from T pizza
the difference controls
he needs to go into the corner of the
battery to those of the boys though in
favorite pants as we see okay it was
gonna be okay if he makes a slow sighs
just preparing himself getting that
sweetie device is he going
there were some rules making a bit of an
attack at the moment but Carson UPS is
waiting for the right opportunity to
clamp down on his opponent plays written
wikis ripped like his main primary
weapon is they're disarmed
pretty much that's it for quickly it's
just a salty pipes it's not her than
attacking killer machine that spinning
blade that cutting tool and this
devastating power operates when it works
but it don't work it really easy really
is anybody's slave in the moment binky
is just wandering around aimlessly with
know who else to the attack ability just
pushing and shoving whereas several
states or sand casting us on really the
only two standing over the chance at
messy conceded to the plate are maybe
not
so for these foods machines that could
be the difference between winning and
losing they can to each other out of the
ring that's Little Italy what's it like
shoving so what starts in the cemetery
Castle if maybe this weekís show begin
he's doing a proceeding to stop ten
seconds to get out but there's no tense
RPG getting out of the pit there it's
got nowhere with people or putting
himself back so that's it sleepy over so
Carson us what are you gonna do metal
structure it's up to you
neither I could really have that primary
reference working as they should be so
it's literally just a demonstration in
the house
suppose for oh that's it it would be
faster that's good that's what we come
to cities the guys up in the lofty place
up in there tied father are they look to
Rani quick note I processes
all that's at the end of time
good a resetting of the last battle of
the session today pretty uneventful but
that's just the way he knows he needs
exactly playback so then one of them
because into the pit if they do that
they have one so Newton trying to be a
bashing the flashing and clashing
exercise
and also since I communicate to the
people to try
efficiency levels fertility but he's
fighting back that never circles - looks
like he's lost up in a driver back she's
gone or something I don't know but
that's it